README.md, before:

## Toy Problems

This repository contains solutions to various toy problems. Below are brief descriptions of the problems and their solutions.

#  Challenge 1: Student Grade Generator
# Problem Description
Write a function that prompts the user to input student marks. The input should be between 0 and 100. The output should correspond the correct grade, as shown below:

A > 79
B - 60 to 79
C - 59 to 49
D - 40 to 49
E - less 40.
# Solution
The solution to this problem can be found in the grading.js file.

# Challenge 2: Speed Detector
# Problem Description
Write a program that takes the speed of a car as input e.g 80. If the speed is less than 70, it should print “Ok”. Otherwise, for every 5 km/s above the speed limit (70), it should give the driver one demerit point and print the total number of demerit points. If the driver gets more than 12 points, the function should print: “License suspended”.

# Solution
The solution to this problem can be found in the speeddetector.js file.

# Challenge 3: Net Salary Calculator
Problem Description
Write a program whose major task is to calculate an individual’s Net Salary by getting the inputs of basic salary and benefits. Calculate the payee (i.e. Tax), NHIF Deductions, NSSF Deductions, gross salary, and net salary.

# Solution
The solution to this problem can be found in the net-salary-calculator.js file.

# Notes
the rates used in the net salary culculatore may not be correct

Commit message:

added licence and author README.md

README.md, after:

# Toy Problems

This repository contains solutions to various toy problems. Below are brief descriptions of the problems and their solutions.

# Challenge 1: Student Grade Generator
# Problem Description
Write a function that prompts the user to input student marks. The input should be between 0 and 100. The output should correspond the correct grade, as shown below:

A > 79
B - 60 to 79
C - 59 to 49
D - 40 to 49
E - less 40.
# Solution
The solution to this problem can be found in the grading.js file.

# Challenge 2: Speed Detector
# Problem Description
Write a program that takes the speed of a car as input e.g 80. If the speed is less than 70, it should print “Ok”. Otherwise, for every 5 km/s above the speed limit (70), it should give the driver one demerit point and print the total number of demerit points. If the driver gets more than 12 points, the function should print: “License suspended”.

# Solution
The solution to this problem can be found in the speeddetector.js file.

# Challenge 3: Net Salary Calculator
Problem Description
Write a program whose major task is to calculate an individual’s Net Salary by getting the inputs of basic salary and benefits. Calculate the payee (i.e. Tax), NHIF Deductions, NSSF Deductions, gross salary, and net salary.

# Solution
The solution to this problem can be found in the net-salary-calculator.js file.

# Notes
the rates used in the net salary culculatore may not be correct

# Lisence 
This repository is licensed under the  `MIT` liscence 
# Author 
Erick Kirui
